hey everybody I would just like to do a
quick quick cut informative video for
all you out there look at ingredients
and or even if you don't it's important
to know what's in your product before
you buy um when I was in the States I
got this lip gloss LA Colors brilliant
shine glitter gloss from the dollar
store thinking it was a cool glass I
could use it and it would be no problem
well until I opened the container and
put it on my left I felt like it was
breaking me out like stinging my lips
and it was just really bad I didn't want
to use it again because I thought and it
had a really strong plastic smell was as
if you're putting melting plastic on
your lips now they sold this brand on
track ultra calm but i'm not trying to
tell you to go out and buy and that it's
a great product I'm just trying to tell
you the ingredient thing you should
avoid in here it has poly betaine which
is used in a lot of lip glosses I think
to make the texture I'm not sure but it
isn't used in most lip glosses that
aren't natural from high-end lip glosses
to Lowen next is lanolin which is a
sheep's hair oil basically that's what
it is it comes from the oil of sheep
wool hair this is lanolin oil which is
the oil from it then petrolatum which is
a gasoline derived source which makes
it'sit's instead of beeswax they use
that which makes the texture more what
do you say smooth and kind of waxy next
is candle wax candle it'll of wax it's a
type of wax I'm not sure yet what that
is probable paraben which is a paraben
corporal as the tape is vitamin E and
then this is ingredient I have to tell
you guys to avoid at all costs Polly
which is like polyester form like
plastic ethylene and then tap pathol 8
ok now I think that's what has made this
lipgloss smell like melting plastic
literally you should avoid it if you see
this product on a lip gloss I would
strongly suggest not to buy it just
because I feel like you're putting toxic
sludge on your lips next is proper
polite I don't know what that is I'm
sorry and then the next thing is a
fragrance so those are all the
ingredients of the LA Colors brazilian
chine lip glitter gloss the reason why I
got it was because I love glitter and I
thought it would look nice and you know
for a dollar why not try it out little
did I know about that ingredient
polyethylene terephthalate so anyways
that's just my example there I wanted to
share also I'm going to hopefully be
doing some more videos on ingredients to
avoid I know in mainstream fragrances
like non natural fragrances like any
fragrance you see out there christian
dior calvin klein anything like that
they have ingredients that are not so
good for you as well that go into your
system and
do all sorts things and they're not
healthy for you people don't really know
that until you research the ingredients
that are put into that bottle of perfume
so I have mainstream perfumes that I
used but I'm not sure if I should use
them anymore because of the effects
those ingredients give to the human body
so anyways thank you for watching have a
great day evening bye